Update readme (#87)
ATIX-AG/foreman_snapshot_management: README.md

- List existing snapshots of a virtual machine.
- Create a snapshot of a virtual machine.
- Revert existing virtual machines to a previously created snapshot.
- Remove existing snapshots of a virtual machine.

## Installation

> See [How_to_Install_a_Plugin](https://theforeman.org/plugins/#2.Installation) for how to install Foreman plugins

Reviewer: We also have https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Managing_Hosts/index-katello.html#Creating_Snapshots_of_a_Managed_Host_managing-hosts.

I think it would be a good idea/small task to add the installation instructions to Foreman documentation if it's "just" running `foreman-installer ...`.

Author: Sure, why not. Not sure how to handle the not supported Debian package, though. Let me give the packaging a try... :hourglass:

Reviewer: PR in foreman-documentation: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/2298

Author: PR in foreman-packaging: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-packaging/pull/9576

> See [How_to_Install_a_Plugin](https://theforeman.org/plugins/#2.Installation) for how to install Foreman plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Foreman Snapshot Management plug-in using `foreman-installer`.
For more information, see [Installing the Snapshot Management Plug-in](https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Managing_Hosts/index-katello.html#Installing_the_Snapshot_Management_Plugin_managing-hosts) in _Foreman documentation_.
```

PR in foreman-documentation has been merged & docs are live.

- List existing snapshots of a virtual machine.
- Create a snapshot of a virtual machine.
- Revert existing virtual machines to a previously created snapshot.
- Remove existing snapshots of a virtual machine.

## Installation

> This plugin installation is not supported by the foreman-installer, you need to install it manually:

Reviewer: You can install Foreman Snapshot Management plugin by installing the package and then running `foreman-installer` on your Foreman server:

Author: Much better phrasing, but I double-checked and found that this plugin actually IS supported by the installer :see_no_evil:

```sh

> dnf install rubygem-foreman_snapshot_management

Reviewer: Can you also install it on Foreman on Debian? If so, what's the package name?

Author: This is not SCC manager but snapshot management and it is not dependent on Katello but still does not exist for Debian afaik.
